Add missing analyzers docs (#50819)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/testing/mstest-analyzers/mstest0056.md

| **Introduced in version**           | 4.0.0                                              |
| **Is there a code fix**             | Yes                                                |

## Cause

A test method attribute uses a string constructor argument instead of the <xref:Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestTools.UnitTesting.TestMethodAttribute.DisplayName> property.

## Rule description

When specifying a custom display name for a test method, you should use the <xref:Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestTools.UnitTesting.TestMethodAttribute.DisplayName> property instead of passing a string as a constructor argument. This ensures consistent usage across the MSTest framework and improves code readability.

```csharp
[TestClass]
public class TestClass
{
    [TestMethod("My Test Name")] // Violation
    public void TestMethod()
    {
        // Test code
    }
}
```

## How to fix violations

Replace the constructor argument with the `DisplayName` property.

```csharp
[TestClass]
public class TestClass
{
    [TestMethod(DisplayName = "My Test Name")]
    public void TestMethod()
    {
        // Test code
    }
}
```

## When to suppress warnings

> Do not suppress warnings from this rule. Using the `DisplayName` property is the correct and recommended way to specify custom display names for test methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not suppress warnings from this rule. Using the `DisplayName` property is the only way to specify custom display names for test methods.
```

+ probably extend with something along the lines of "if the intent is to pass a value to caller file path, you can suppress the warning".

---
title: "MSTEST0056: Use DisplayName property for test method display names"
description: "Learn about code analysis rule MSTEST0056: Use DisplayName property for test method display names"

> ms.date: 12/29/2024

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ms.date: 12/29/2025
```

f1_keywords:
- MSTEST0056
- TestMethodAttributeShouldSetDisplayNameCorrectlyAnalyzer
helpviewer_keywords:
- TestMethodAttributeShouldSetDisplayNameCorrectlyAnalyzer
- MSTEST0056
author: evangelink
ms.author: amauryleve
ai-usage: ai-assisted
dev_langs:
- CSharp

> - VB

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

...since you only have a C# example you don't need VB here.
